
+++
title = "3000 days!"
slug = "3000-days"
date = "2024-08-22T08:43:57Z"
draft = false
type = "blog"
author = "osgav"
images = ["..."]
collections = ["blog"]
tags = ["meta", "epoch", "Arvelie"]
+++

My website is 3000 days old today [^1]. Wahey!

[^1]: actually its 3001 days old, but since "osgav epoch" started at 0, its the 3001st day that gets prefixed with 3000, and it would just look *wrong* to have the "3000 days!" post prefixed with `[2999]`

I only know that because of the "osgav epoch" thing I added to my blog post archive page a few years ago [^2]. In a more normal way of counting, it is the fairly insignificant age of 8 years and 2 months and 18 days old. But that's boring. 3000 days is much more fun. 

[^2]: which no longer exists in the form described on my [lab page](/lab/hugo-date-operations.html) about it, I should update that so it makes more sense...

I had a vague recollection of what inspired this osgav epoch thing so I've just gone and dug up the source of that: https://wiki.xxiivv.com/site/arvelie.html [^3]

[^3]: see also: https://wiki.xxiivv.com/site/neralie.html and https://wiki.xxiivv.com/site/time.html

Arvelie is definitely more obscure than counting up from zero. I like the result though. I remember wondering what the codes were the first time I browsed that website, and then eventually finding an explanation for them. Clearly I was very taken by it and came up with a simple imitation, which I have grown very fond of. Maybe I'll try and add Arvelie to osgav.run some day? Maybe not? If I do, one thing is for sure though: the *osgav epoch* will be right there next to it.

Anyway, here's to the next +1000! By which time osgav.run will be... well it'll be osgav epoch 4000 of course. 

<!--more-->
